Add new port R&Watch-Dobtopus (#355)
PortsMaster/PortMaster-New: ports/rwatch/README.md

Reviewer: The url to the game has to be a proper Internet link so https://url not @username

## Notes

> Huge thank you to the creator of this game, [Nizakashii] (@Nizakashii.itch.io) and thanks to all who tested and reviewed this port.
> -Download (@Nizakashii.itch.io/R&Watch-Dobtopus)
> -Extract and place data.win file into gamedata folder

Reviewer 2: Like this:
```suggestion
Huge thank you to the creator of this game, nizakashii@itch.io, and thanks to all who tested and reviewed this port.
-Download from [Nizakashii] (https://nizakashii.itch.io/rwatch)
-Extract and place data.win file into gamedata folder
```
